Clippy Book Updates: Add `write_tests` chapter (#9668)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: book/src/development/write_tests.md

Update the file with some positive and negative examples to get started:

```rust
#![allow(unused)]
#![warn(clippy::foo_functions)]

// Impl methods
struct A;
impl A {
    pub fn fo(&self) {}
    pub fn foo(&self) {} // Should lint
    pub fn food(&self) {}
}

// Default trait methods
trait B {
    fn fo(&self) {}
    fn foo(&self) {} // Should lint
    fn food(&self) {}
}

// Plain functions
fn fo() {}
fn foo() {} // Should lint
fn food() {}

fn main() {
    foo();
    let a = A;
    a.foo();
}
```

Without actual lint logic to emit the lint when we see a `foo` function name,
these tests are still quite meaningless.
However, we can now run the test with the following command:

```sh
$ TESTNAME=foo_functions cargo uitest
```

Clippy will compile and it will conclude with an `ok` for the tests:

```
...Clippy warnings and test outputs...

test compile_test ... ok

test result: ok. 3 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.48s
```

This is normal. After all, we have not implemented any logic for Clippy to
detect `foo` functions and emit a lint.

As we gradually implement our lint logic, we will keep running and improving UI tests

> untilthe output turns into what we want it to be.

Reviewer: A typo.

```suggestion
until the output turns into what we want it to be.
```
